Improve theming documentation (#5180)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/ui/gui_skinning.rst

.. _doc_gui_skinning:

Introduction to GUI skinning
============================

It is essential for a game to provide clear, informative and yet visually
pleasing user interface to its players. While :ref:`Control <class_Control>`
nodes come with a decently functional look out of the box, there is always
a room for uniqueness and case-specific tuning. For this purpose Godot engine
includes a system for GUI skinning (or theming), which allows you to customize
the look of every control in your user interface, including your custom controls.

Here is an example of this system in action, which is radically different from
the default UI theme of the engine:

> *a picture of a game with nice-looking UI*

Author: Uhm, yeah, I forgot that I still need this. Shouldn't prevent proofreading, just don't merge until I sort this out. Need to get a permission from a dev.

.. _doc_gui_skinning:

Introduction to GUI skinning
============================

> It is essential for a game to provide clear, informative and yet visually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is essential for a game to provide clear, informative, and yet visually
```

pleasing user interface to its players. While :ref:`Control <class_Control>`
nodes come with a decently functional look out of the box, there is always

> a room for uniqueness and case-specific tuning. For this purpose Godot engine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
room for uniqueness and case-specific tuning. For this purpose Godot engine
```

includes a system for GUI skinning (or theming), which allows you to customize
the look of every control in your user interface, including your custom controls.

> Here is an example of this system in action, which is radically different from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of this system in action that is radically different from
```

Reviewer: "Which" is kind of used in rapid succession in this part of the docs

the default UI theme of the engine:

.. figure:: img/tank-kings-by-winterpixel-games.png
   :align: center

   A "Gear Up!" screen in Tank Kings, courtesy of Winterpixel Games

> Beyond achieving a unique look for your game this system also enables developers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond achieving a unique look for your game, this system also enables developers
```

to provide customization options to the end users, including accessibility settings.
UI themes are applied in a cascading manner (i.e. they propagate from parent
controls to their children), which means that font settings or adjustments

> for colorblind can be applied in a single place and affect the entire UI tree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for color blindness can be applied in a single place and affect the entire UI tree.
```
or colorblind users?

Author: Probably the second one, "adjustments for color blindness" sounds wrong.

Reviewer 2: Probably the german in me then, we like our bureaucratic sentences with lots of proper nouns :P Go ahead

Of course this system can also be used for gameplay purposes, like hero character

> styling or team colors and other visual settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
styling or team colors, as well as other visual settings.
```

Basics of themes
----------------

> The entire skinning system is driven by the :ref:`Theme <class_Theme>` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The skinning system is driven by the :ref:`Theme <class_Theme>` resource.
```

> Every Godot project has an inherent default theme that contains all the settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every Godot project has an inherent default theme that contains the settings
```

the built-in control nodes. This is what gives the controls their distinct look
out of the box. A theme only describes the configuration, however, and it is still
the job of each individual control to use that configuration in the way it requires
to display itself. This is important to remember when implementing
:ref:`your own custom controls <doc_custom_gui_controls>`.

.. note::
   Even the Godot editor itself relies on the default theme. But it doesn't look the
   same as a Godot project, because it applies its own heavily customized theme on top

>    of the default one. In principle this works exactly like it would in your game,
>    which is explained in a :ref:`section below <doc_gui_theme_in_project>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   of the default one. In principle, this works exactly like it would in your game
   as explained :ref:`below <doc_gui_theme_in_project>`.
```

Theme items
~~~~~~~~~~~

The configuration that is stored in a theme consists of theme items. Each item has

> a unique name and must be one of the following data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a unique name and must be one of the following data types:
```
